what did he do it from
leather seats for bicycles
represents skin upstairs up
metal base
over time they became flawless
fit anatolia people and
riding style
and how leather shoes have not become very
comfortable past
anonymously
the proposed seating looks almost the same
they looked like a hundred years ago
do by hand on machine tools some of
which more than sixty years 2
according to information made exclusively from
metal and cats traditional
materials of mindful style and quality
first sit
odd
The first step is to make of steel wires
weapon for hanging nets
the machine manages and cuts the wire
the desired length of liquid lubricant makes
stopping process
regardless of the model some
seats cover chromium
for this machine shoveling crystal
or titanium wire dry
the sick
Paton is regulated and can do skolkovo
different size and shape
depending on the type of model 2
uah
Clinton single center
technique connecting an abandoned word and
business day and interest front
parts
since the skin is wet it takes and
keeps the desired shape
yes i am skin polished gently to
make a term
Why does the skin go for three hours to
dryer with maximum
temperature 55 degrees Celsius
in KBR
Centre
now the seats are finished last
improvements
workers attach Ryazan parts of the seat
a record with the name and on the sides puts
trademark
center but each seat model has
own brand
now the front of the skin is attached to
pure copper rivets
each rivet develops
careful to secure the year not
scratch angelina
in September, this machine puts
rivets on the back of the body yes
dishes
points between the frame and the front
population puts an adjusting 6
This verse will allow skin to stretch if
in a few years she will start
sagging lecturers yes to make
leather seats need three days